Adds a 'Contact Us' link to the Self-Hosted pages. (#5326)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/guides/self-hosted/_index.md

| [Console]({{< relref "console" >}}) |	[https://hub.docker.com/r/pulumi/console/](https://hub.docker.com/r/pulumi/console/) |
| Migrations | [https://hub.docker.com/r/pulumi/migrations/](https://hub.docker.com/r/pulumi/migrations/) |

> > **Note**: The above container image repositories are private. [Contact us]({{< relref "/contact.md" >}}) if you would like to evaluate the Self-Hosted Enterprise Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% notes type="info" %}}
The above container image repositories are private. [Contact us]({{< relref "/contact.md" >}}) if you would like to evaluate the Self-Hosted Enterprise Edition.
{{% /notes %}}
```
